Create render-ssp script (#30)
GSA-TTS/docker-trestle: templates/ssp-rendering/lato/markdown/devsecops.md

-->

# 10.8.7 Secret and Key Management
<!--
Instructions: Describe how secrets are centralized and how hard coded and embedded secrets are eliminated. What is the process for rotating and auditing secrets? Describe the process for monitoring and generating alerts on improper uses/access of keys and secrets.
-->

# 10.8.8 Artifact Management
<!--
Instructions: Describe the process for maintaining artifacts. Describe scanning artifacts and how often this is performed. What authentication and authorization mechanisms are used to access artifact management tools? Describe the process for monitoring and notification of outdated libraries found in artifacts.
-->

# 10.8.9 Code Change and Release Management
<!--
Instructions: Describe how the process for handling all code changes and release management is standardized. Describe the sequence of steps or activities used for change management. Describe automation or tools used to improve security, speed and efficiency during code change and release management. What is the security review and approval process of each change/release?
-->

# 10.8.10 Serverless Design (if applicable)
<!--

> Instructions: Describe the microservice-based architecture including API and API security. Describe the serverless functions network security model including the perimeter. Describe the code review, scanning, and the dependency scanning tools chain and processes.

Author: ```suggestion
Instructions: Describe the microservice-based architecture including API and API security. Describe the serverless functions' network security model including the perimeter. Describe the code review, scanning, and dependency scanning tool chain and processes.
```
